Life is Strange - Before the Storm
==================================

The long awaited support for Unity 5.5 (and higher) in my Unity template has
finally arrived!

We're all used to game and engine updates breaking these fixes from time to
time and when it happens it ranges from a minor inconvenience requiring just a
few minutes or hours to address, to a massive time waste of having to redo an
entire fix from scratch, to a major headache where the new version has
fundamentally changed in some way requiring a huge amount of new work put in to
solve some new problem that didn't exist before. The Unity 5.5 update was of
the later variety due to some major changes in the engine's shader format, but
I have at last managed to decipher the new format and we can now enjoy modern
Unity games in stereo 3D once again, beginning with the prequel to one of my
favourite games of all time :)

Installation
------------

1. Extract the contents of the zip file to the game directory.

2. Right click on the game in Steam and go to "Properties" -> "Set Launch
   Options" and enter "-window-mode exclusive" (without the quotes) and click
   "Ok"

3. I suggest disabling subtitles, as these are a little distracting.

Troubleshooting
---------------
If you see any "nuclear glow" around objects, or the screen goes black when
looking in certain directions, quit and relaunch the game.

Like my Work?
-------------
Fixing games takes a lot of time and effort, and I am currently otherwise
unemployed largely due to my ongoing [battle with mental health issues][1].

If you are in a position where you are able to do so, please consider
[supporting me with a monthly donation on Patreon][2], and thanks again to
those that already do! While I prefer the more stable monthly support that
Patreon offers, I can of course understand that some of you prefer to make
one-off donations when you can, and for that you can use [my Paypal][3]. As a
reminder, these donations are to support me personally, and do not go to other
modders on this site.

[1]: https://forums.geforce.com/default/topic/1000942/3d-vision/where-has-darkstarsword-been-/
[2]: https://www.patreon.com/DarkStarSword
[3]: https://www.paypal.me/DarkStarSword

_This mod is created with 3DMigoto (primarily written by myself, Bo3b and
Chiri), and uses Flugan's Assembler. See [here][4] for a full list of
contributors to 3DMigoto_

[4]: https://github.com/bo3b/3Dmigoto/blob/master/AUTHORS.txt
